README.md, before:

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@pagopa/io-react-native-cie.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pagopa/io-react-native-cie) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pagopa/io-react-native-cie)](LICENSE)

# @pagopa/io-react-native-cie

Module to handle CIE (Electronic Identity Card) operations natively in React Native apps.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Example App](#example-app)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Check NFC Status](#check-nfc-status)
  - [Reading CIE Data](#reading-cie-data)
  - [Event System](#event-system)
  - [Alert Messages](#alert-messages)
- [Types](#types)
- [Errors](#errors)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

```sh
npm install @pagopa/io-react-native-cie
# or
yarn add @pagopa/io-react-native-cie
```

## Example App

A fully working example app demonstrating how to use this package is available in the [example](./example) directory.

To run the example app, follow the instructions in [example/README.md](./example/README.md).

## Usage

The package is split into two modules:

- [CieUtils](/src/utils): Provides functions to check the NFC status of the device.
- [CieManager](/src/manager): Provides CIE read and authentication capabilities.

### Check NFC Status

**Note:** These methods are applicable only for Android devices, as iOS devices always have NFC available.

```typescript
import { CieUtils } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cie';

// Check if the device has NFC
await CieUtils.hasNfcFeature();
// Check if NFC is enabled
await CieUtils.isNfcEnabled();
// Convenient method to check if CIE authentication is supported
await CieUtils.isCieAuthenticationSupported();
```
### Reading CIE Data

#### Reading Attributes

Read CIE attributes (card type and base64-encoded data):

```typescript
import { CieManager } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cie';

// Start reading with optional timeout (Android only)
CieManager.startReadingAttributes(timeout?: number)
  .then(() => console.log('Reading started'))
  .catch(error => console.error('Error:', error));
```

#### Authentication

Start the CIE authentication process:

```typescript
CieManager.startReading(
  pin: string,           // CIE card PIN
  authenticationUrl: string,  // Service URL
  timeout?: number       // Optional timeout (Android only)
)
  .then(() => console.log('Authentication started'))
  .catch(error => console.error('Error:', error));
```

### Event System

The library uses an event-driven approach for NFC operations. Events are emitted to notify your application about progress, success, or failure. Each listener method returns a cleanup function that should be called when the operation is complete or when your component unmounts.

#### Available Event Listeners

| Listener Type                  | Description                |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------- |
| `addEventListener`             | General NFC events         |
| `addErrorListener`             | NFC error events           |
| `addSuccessListener`           | Authentication success     |
| `addAttributesSuccessListener` | Successful attribute reads |

#### Example Usage

```typescript
import { CieManager } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cie';
import { useEffect } from 'react';

// ...

useEffect(() => {
  // Register all event listeners
  const cleanup = [
    CieManager.addEventListener((event) => {
      console.info('NFC Event', event);
    }),
    CieManager.addErrorListener((error) => {
      console.error('NFC Error', error);
    }),
    CieManager.addSuccessListener((url) => {
      console.log('Auth url:', url);
    }),
  ];

  // Cleanup all listeners on unmount
  return () => cleanup.forEach((remove) => remove());
}, []);
```

To remove all listeners at once:

```typescript
CieManager.removeAllListeners();
```

### Alert Messages


**Note:** This feature is iOS-only; Android does not support alert messages.

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eaebf481-f5db-476e-977e-25653606ab8f" width="200" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dc7c5a81-954e-43dc-a468-6a2c17620eb1" width="200" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f473b67f-c5a5-4954-9e85-f2b414db53f2" width="200" />

Customize the NFC dialog messages using `CieManager.setAlertMessage(key, value)`:

```typescript
CieManager.setAlertMessage(
  'readingInstructions',
  'Hold your iPhone near your CIE card to begin scanning.'
);
```

#### Available Alert Messages

| Key                    | Description              | Default Message                                                                                   |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `readingInstructions`  | Pre-scan instructions    | "Tieni la tua carta d’identità elettronica sul retro dell’iPhone, nella parte in alto."           |
| `moreTags`             | Multiple tags detected   | "Sono stati individuate più carte NFC. Per favore avvicina una carta alla volta."                 |
| `readingInProgress`    | Reading status           | "Lettura in corso, tieni ferma la carta ancora per qualche secondo..."                            |
| `readingSuccess`       | Success message          | "Lettura avvenuta con successo. Puoi rimuovere la carta mentre completiamo la verifica dei dati." |
| `invalidCard`          | Invalid card error       | "La carta utilizzata non sembra essere una Carta di Identità Elettronica (CIE)."                  |
| `tagLost`              | Card removed error       | "Hai rimosso la carta troppo presto."                                                             |
| `cardLocked`           | Card locked error        | "Carta CIE bloccata"                                                                              |
| `wrongPin1AttemptLeft` | PIN warning (1 attempt)  | "PIN errato, hai ancora 1 tentativo"                                                              |
| `wrongPin2AttemptLeft` | PIN warning (2 attempts) | "PIN errato, hai ancora 2 tentativi"                                                              |
| `genericError`         | Generic error            | "Qualcosa è andato storto"                                                                        |



## Types

```typescript
type CieAttributes = {
  type: string;
  base64: string;
};
```

Contains the CIE type (NFC manufacturer) and the attributres in base64 encoded string format.
CIE type can be one of the following: `NXP`, `GEMALTO`, `GEMALTO_2`, `ACTALIS`, `ST`, `UNKNOWN`

```typescript
type NfcEvent = {
  name: string;
  progress: number;
};
```

Event sent during the CIE reading process. Contains the name of the event and the progress associated. Event names and order may vary based on the platform.

```typescript
type NfcError = {
  name: string;
  message?: string;
};
```

Error event that may be sent during the CIE reading process. Contains the name of the error and an optional message. Error names and order may vary based on the platform.

## Errors

| Error Code            | Platform    | Description        | Resolution                                |
| --------------------- | ----------- | ------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| `PIN_REGEX_NOT_VALID` | iOS/Android | Invalid PIN format | Ensure PIN matches required format        |
| `UNKNOWN_EXCEPTION`   | iOS/Android | Unexpected error   | Check device compatibility and NFC status |

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

---

Made with [create-react-native-library](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob)

Commit message:

chore: ios read progress and alert merssages

README.md, after:

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@pagopa/io-react-native-cie.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pagopa/io-react-native-cie) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pagopa/io-react-native-cie)](LICENSE)

# @pagopa/io-react-native-cie

Module to handle CIE (Electronic Identity Card) operations natively in React Native apps.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Example App](#example-app)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Check NFC Status](#check-nfc-status)
  - [Reading CIE Data](#reading-cie-data)
  - [Event System](#event-system)
  - [Alert Messages](#alert-messages)
- [Types](#types)
- [Errors](#errors)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

```sh
npm install @pagopa/io-react-native-cie
# or
yarn add @pagopa/io-react-native-cie
```

## Example App

A fully working example app demonstrating how to use this package is available in the [example](./example) directory.

To run the example app, follow the instructions in [example/README.md](./example/README.md).

## Usage

The package is split into two modules:

- [CieUtils](/src/utils): Provides functions to check the NFC status of the device.
- [CieManager](/src/manager): Provides CIE read and authentication capabilities.

### Check NFC Status

**Note:** These methods are applicable only for Android devices, as iOS devices always have NFC available.

```typescript
import { CieUtils } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cie';

// Check if the device has NFC
await CieUtils.hasNfcFeature();
// Check if NFC is enabled
await CieUtils.isNfcEnabled();
// Convenient method to check if CIE authentication is supported
await CieUtils.isCieAuthenticationSupported();
```

### Reading CIE Data

#### Reading Attributes

Read CIE attributes (card type and base64-encoded data):

```typescript
import { CieManager } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cie';

// Start reading with optional timeout (Android only)
CieManager.startReadingAttributes(timeout?: number)
  .then(() => console.log('Reading started'))
  .catch(error => console.error('Error:', error));
```

#### Authentication

Start the CIE authentication process:

```typescript
CieManager.startReading(
  pin: string,           // CIE card PIN
  authenticationUrl: string,  // Service URL
  timeout?: number       // Optional timeout (Android only)
)
  .then(() => console.log('Authentication started'))
  .catch(error => console.error('Error:', error));
```

### Event System

The library uses an event-driven approach for NFC operations. Events are emitted to notify your application about progress, success, or failure. Each listener method returns a cleanup function that should be called when the operation is complete or when your component unmounts.

#### Available Event Listeners

| Listener Type                  | Description                |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------- |
| `addEventListener`             | General NFC events         |
| `addErrorListener`             | NFC error events           |
| `addSuccessListener`           | Authentication success     |
| `addAttributesSuccessListener` | Successful attribute reads |

#### Example Usage

```typescript
import { CieManager } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cie';
import { useEffect } from 'react';

// ...

useEffect(() => {
  // Register all event listeners
  const cleanup = [
    CieManager.addEventListener((event) => {
      console.info('NFC Event', event);
    }),
    CieManager.addErrorListener((error) => {
      console.error('NFC Error', error);
    }),
    CieManager.addSuccessListener((url) => {
      console.log('Auth url:', url);
    }),
  ];

  // Cleanup all listeners on unmount
  return () => cleanup.forEach((remove) => remove());
}, []);
```

To remove all listeners at once:

```typescript
CieManager.removeAllListeners();
```

### Alert Messages

**Note:** This feature is iOS-only; Android does not support alert messages.

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eaebf481-f5db-476e-977e-25653606ab8f" width="200" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dc7c5a81-954e-43dc-a468-6a2c17620eb1" width="200" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f473b67f-c5a5-4954-9e85-f2b414db53f2" width="200" />

Customize the NFC dialog messages using `CieManager.setAlertMessage(key, value)`:

```typescript
CieManager.setAlertMessage(
  'readingInstructions',
  'Hold your iPhone near your CIE card to begin scanning.'
);
```

You can update the currently displayed alert message (for example, during the reading process) using `CieManager.setCurrentAlertMessage(value)`:

```typescript
CieManager.setCurrentAlertMessage('Reading in progress, 80% completed');
```

#### Available Alert Messages

| Key                    | Description              | Default Message                                                                                   |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `readingInstructions`  | Pre-scan instructions    | "Tieni la tua carta d’identità elettronica sul retro dell’iPhone, nella parte in alto."           |
| `moreTags`             | Multiple tags detected   | "Sono stati individuate più carte NFC. Per favore avvicina una carta alla volta."                 |
| `readingInProgress`    | Reading status           | "Lettura in corso, tieni ferma la carta ancora per qualche secondo..."                            |
| `readingSuccess`       | Success message          | "Lettura avvenuta con successo. Puoi rimuovere la carta mentre completiamo la verifica dei dati." |
| `invalidCard`          | Invalid card error       | "La carta utilizzata non sembra essere una Carta di Identità Elettronica (CIE)."                  |
| `tagLost`              | Card removed error       | "Hai rimosso la carta troppo presto."                                                             |
| `cardLocked`           | Card locked error        | "Carta CIE bloccata"                                                                              |
| `wrongPin1AttemptLeft` | PIN warning (1 attempt)  | "PIN errato, hai ancora 1 tentativo"                                                              |
| `wrongPin2AttemptLeft` | PIN warning (2 attempts) | "PIN errato, hai ancora 2 tentativi"                                                              |
| `genericError`         | Generic error            | "Qualcosa è andato storto"                                                                        |

## Types

```typescript
type CieAttributes = {
  type: string;
  base64: string;
};
```

Contains the CIE type (NFC manufacturer) and the attributres in base64 encoded string format.
CIE type can be one of the following: `NXP`, `GEMALTO`, `GEMALTO_2`, `ACTALIS`, `ST`, `UNKNOWN`

```typescript
type NfcEvent = {
  name: string;
  progress: number;
};
```

Event sent during the CIE reading process. Contains the name of the event and the progress associated. Event names and order may vary based on the platform.

```typescript
type NfcError = {
  name: string;
  message?: string;
};
```

Error event that may be sent during the CIE reading process. Contains the name of the error and an optional message. Error names and order may vary based on the platform.

## Errors

| Error Code            | Platform    | Description        | Resolution                                |
| --------------------- | ----------- | ------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| `PIN_REGEX_NOT_VALID` | iOS/Android | Invalid PIN format | Ensure PIN matches required format        |
| `UNKNOWN_EXCEPTION`   | iOS/Android | Unexpected error   | Check device compatibility and NFC status |

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

---

Made with [create-react-native-library](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob)
